apparently I was just really lucky those
few times doesn't wanna do it anymore oh
well we gotta know we got like five just
cook one of them and the rest we can
make into kibble that I like how I
screwed up on my storage as well killer
it's freaking desperate to get a kitty
which I didn't eat again cutie Oh get
him now get the key whether he likes it
or not I'll have your kitty now okay
onwards to adventure something okay mud
I want mud okay got it I can do that
annoying sound good gather a gaffer
Gavin maybe like a hundred of mud bricks
and that's your stupid to do themselves
so I really should do a lot more than 14
I should also check my box to see if I
have any mode of bricks do I have any
mother pokes no i don't oh yes I do it's
not all motor works okay now we need to
it we need sound ok we got both of them
will make some more and let's take some
cobble to extend the area let's put that
in we don't need to oh I will just take
it myself then ok I'll see you guys when
I comes down Giga as well that I can
turn this check our crops there all done
except for one I told you what I feel
about crops and I mean gold I need all
of them don't or else I will be very
upset anyway continuing continuing all
right there's a sheep your baby
now yellow begum fire I'm just going to
hit you anywhere smack it smack okay are
you a zombie where are your zombie all
right zombie zombie too afraid of us
would put two hardcore okay okay all
right we're just gonna finish this off
now in a minute I shall end it for goods
and did I even take 64 no because I'm
smart I seem to remember taking 64 low
and weird and putting five away I guess
it did the odds autumn when I'm summer
anymore everything looks more to me now
okay that's nice oh I think that's all
autumn really does so that's okay are
you an ice cream oh wow do I have any
compound with me no I'm good stay there
don't you leave me like the kiddies okay
okay okay where's the gun haha I knew I
should keep it with me oh I see you you
can't escape if I'm looking at you right
why not be my friend hello smiley
creeper EEMA friend can you be my friend
oh you're my friend I'm so pleased with
myself this this five minutes alone I've
made more progress than I have in every
single episode even the hour one this
has just been progress galore yes come
over here you're coming into my house
I've even got you a little tray aren't
you happy can can I make you stay by
right-clicking never with the gump alley
I don't want you to follow me everywhere
I go you stay in there don't blow
the house I hope he doesn't blow up the
damn house he does be very observe him
better be careful cuz if he blows up the
house i'm coming for gonna be new more
smiley face on that creeper starting
gonna be a face on the creeper if it
blows up my house because it will die
with it but i think they have a special
exploding attack which is cool that's
all i remember it's cool it's cool you
use people's cool news oh hey i want you
say my house fine you can you come to
work with me this is my job excited all
the viewers are very excited with my
amazingly exciting job i know i am not
about you people but God my job is
excited I'm a bricklayer Oh No already
my job has amazing complications oh well
we will leave that till next episode
we've extended at least we've made
progress this person is delivering stuff
I might need to buy another Brickman
making the kids love these well I don't
I'm sorry you sell raw chicken though
that is very tempting it's like you've
got the update already ah he must be
special people hello I would like to
know you know I might as well buy some
raw chicken right I mean it's all good
true look look look I'm okay with you
I'm a being friendly i bought the
complete squirrel but no eating me or
the creeper will get nasty okay loose
which money plasmid a little
uh-huh okay I'm not gonna try and
pronounce anything or everyone will rage
at me again Oh chicken meat and my farm
is mmm Oh anybody still half a heart raw
ah oh I probably should have left it
with them I wanted the real chicken
though it's mine mine all mine that was
a waste of money all mine my role Sean
come on creeper oh you're so creepy
anyway guys thanks for watching I can
enter here now why because it's done
ended anyway see I said thanks watching
bow oh I'm also no no see ya